add truncate token filter docs #8450 (#8462)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _analyzers/token-filters/index.md

`synonym` | N/A | Supplies a synonym list for the analysis process. The synonym list is provided using a configuration file.
`synonym_graph` | N/A | Supplies a synonym list, including multiword synonyms, for the analysis process.
`trim` | [TrimFilter](https://lucene.apache.org/core/9_10_0/analysis/common/org/apache/lucene/analysis/miscellaneous/TrimFilter.html) | Trims leading and trailing white space from each token in a stream. 

> [`truncate`]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/analyzers/token-filters/truncate/) | [TruncateTokenFilter](https://lucene.apache.org/core/9_10_0/analysis/common/org/apache/lucene/analysis/miscellaneous/TruncateTokenFilter.html) | Truncates tokens whose length exceeds the specified character limit. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`truncate`]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/analyzers/token-filters/truncate/) | [TruncateTokenFilter](https://lucene.apache.org/core/9_10_0/analysis/common/org/apache/lucene/analysis/miscellaneous/TruncateTokenFilter.html) | Truncates tokens with lengths exceeding the specified character limit. 
```
